---
title: "2.21"
parent: "2"
---

## 2.21

**Release date: November 24th, 2020**

<!--### New Test Runner

The team is always looking for ways to improve the speed and scalability of ATS.
Therefore, we have decided to revamp the test runner (the component responsible for orchestrating and executing tests).
The new **Version 2** test runner will be hosted in the Azure cloud as opposed to the Mendix cloud.

To make the transition painless, the old runner (now called *version 1*) will remain in service for some time.
If you run into any issues with the new version 2 runner, it will be possible to switch back to the version 1 runner from the test settings page.
It is also possible to select a default runner for all tests within an app from the app settings menu.
-->

# New features

* In an effort to reduce the average number of clicks ATS now shows the **Most commonly used** functions when the search dialog is open. Use this to quickly select a function.

* It is now possible to add comments in test cases and custom actions using the new **Comment** function. This function will be ignored during execution and only serves as a way to add more information to your tests.


### Improvements

* The ATS favicon has been updated with the ATS logo. This should make it easier to make out ATS in the browser if there are multiple tabs open.
* Test configuration no longer shows all settings by default. Only the most frequently changed settings are shown, the rest are under a new **Advanced** button.
* We have added extra caching for function meta information. This should make editing test cases a bit faster.
* The test case and action logs now show the time of execution in the same format and timezone to avoid confusion.
* It is now possible to cancel a job from a logs page. Previously a *Run* button now has been replaced with a *Cancel* button if the test case/suite is still running.
* On the logs page the *Run** button has been renamed to *Rerun. The behavior of the button was also changed so that it runs the same test case again with the same configuration. In order to run the test case with different configuration a new button *Configure and rerun* has been added as a dropdown option.
* We have refactored the recording page in an effort to improve performance, especially when recording long test cases with many steps.

### Fixes

* We fixed a bug where the recorder would show an error if too many events were recorded in a short span of time (usually caused by double/triple clicking). 
* A bug where schedules would be set to disabled without a message when the schedule time was set in the past is now fixed.
* Due to a bug it was not possible to download recording from ATSelenium. This is now fixed.
* We fixed a bug where the function **Get Visible Item/Row Count** returned the wrong result for a datagrid. (CP#11186)
* We investigated an issue concerning duplicate parameters in test steps. Additional checks were added to prevent this from happening in the future. (CP#11189)
* A bug which caused the *Run* button to still be active for running test cases has been fixed. (CP#11307)
