---
title: "2.23"
parent: "2"
---

## 2.22

**Release date: March 2nd, 2021**

### Dark theme support

In the ATS team, we often have fierce debates about light vs dark themes. Luckily, with this new feature, you also have the option to choose for yourself what theme you prefer.
Go to your profile (by clicking on your photo in the top right corner) and choose your preferred theme. By default, ATS will match the theme settings on your operating system.

### Item locking

As a we- based tool ATS has many advantages. For one there is no need to install it. However, this also comes with some challenges, one of which is that there is no local repository system.
Any changes that are done are done directly to the project-wide repository. So if two testers are working on a test case, strange things can happen sometimes, like test steps being out of order.
To prevent such incidents we no longer allow two people to edit a test case simultaneously.
If you try to open a test case that is currently being edited by someone else then ATS will stop you and show a clear message. The same goes for test suites and custom actions.

### Improvements

* The extract action dialog has been renamed to "Set details" to avoid confusion.
* All functions that return a web element have had that output parameter renamed to be more consistent. ATS does not distinguish between different types of web elements and we hope with the new naming that is made clearer.
* We fixed several styling issues especially  when ATS is not used on a full screen.

### Fixes

* Changes to a data set name and description were sometimes not saved correctly. This would also cause any linked test cases to fail. Both have now been fixed.
* In rare cases, a test would not receive any logs from the test runner. In the UI it would appear that the test is forever queued. This should be fixed now.
* The value dropdown would close intermittently. We have made changes to the widget to avoid this as much as possible.
* We fixed a bug where importing a test case where a step is using the output value of a previous step which is a custom action would fail.
