---
title: "2.5"
parent: "2"
---

## 2.5.0

**Release date: February 23th, 2018**

### Improvements

* You can test Mendix 7.10 apllications now.

### Fixes

* Dataset fields could be used as input parameter of assert actions. This is possible now.
* The PDF report still shows the result Unknow which was removed a time ago. Unknown is also removed from the report know.
* Testsuite result progress bar, shown on the dashboard, turned green below 100%. This is changed and the progress bar will only be green for 100%.
* Recording the 'Click widget button' action and saving the recording, doesn't save enumeration parameters in the test step. This is fixed.
* Could not import items as long as the parent folder exists in another app. This is working now.
* Could not import a complex testset due to an internal error. This is fixed.
* Could not export items which contain empty teststeps. This can be exported again.
* Executing a test case with a data set that has no records throws an error. A validation is added.
* A manual added teststep, after a teardown step got a wrong step number and a wrong step trype. This is fixed.
* If you relate a dataset to a testcase which is related to non existing dataset, the error message is still shown that the old dataset could not befound, until you reopen the testcase. This is working.

### Other Changes

* When you open ATS, you will now see a new screen that requests your approval to share your Mendix Community Profile information with the ATS application. Every user has to confirm this once per environment.
* We replaced the success rate in %, shown on the dashboard, with total numbers.

### Known Issues

* The grid that shows the jobs on the **Test Runs** page is refreshing every 3 seconds. This can result in a flickering on the highlighted row. If you try to click a button in the exact moment of the refresh, it won't work.
