---
title: "2.6"
parent: "2"
---

## 2.6.0

**Release date: March 27th, 2018**

### Selective reporting

We know that the ability to generate reports is important in order to get an overview of software quality. This is why we are always looking for ways to improve the reporting capabilities of ATS. Starting with this release it is now possible to configure a custom report that only contains test cases and/or test suites that you want to be part of the report. This functionality is available through the dashboard, by clicking the *Download report* button* which opens a dialog with two options for reporting: *All* and *Selected*. When you choose *All* the PDF report contains all test cases and suites in the project, same as the default behavior until now. When you choose *Selected* then you can customize the report by specifying which test cases, test suites and folders should be included in the report. 

### Internet Explorer 11

You can now run your tests by using internet explorer 11. We are happy to announce that, as internet explorer is still one of the most used browsers and even is more important when looking at the enterprise business. Internet explorer 11 is supported for Windows 7, Windows 8.1 and Windows 10.

## Mendix 7.11 & 7.12

Mendix applications which are based on Mendix version 7.11 or 7.12, can now be tested with ATS as well.

### Improvements

* You can now see the description of a parameter when hovering the parameter name in an action or function call.
* We addded support for the Radiobutton List widget. It can be recorded as well as handled in tests by using the standard functions.
* We now support the newest macOS version, macOS High Sierra.
* You can now use multi select in the search dialog, when adding a test case/suite to a test suite, when adding test cases/suites to a story and when adding stories to a test case/suite
* A parameter of type text now show the edit icon also when it is empty.


### Fixes

* The icons of a test case and a test suite are interchanged at the schedules overview. This is fixed now.
* We fixed the issue where the execution type (serial/parallel) of a test suite was always set to serial during the import.
* Dropdown values of a parameter of a custom action where not created during the import, if not a single dropdown value was in use. This has been fixed.
* The color of the not executed test cases was different in the pdf report and at the project dashboard. This is fixed now.
* ATS will now wait for the login process to be finished, on a dynamic login pages as well, before continue with the next step.
* We fixed the unfocus web element action.
* The second set value action has been removed from the search dialog, when adding a new test step to a test case or action.
* We fixed a bug that set sometimes the selected values in a action call empty, when adding a new step to the testcase or action.
* Data driven test cases can now be executed, also when the data set contains a empty number. This worked only for empty text fields before.
* Custom actions did not work when used as a pre condition of a test step. This is fixed now.

### Known Issues

* When clicking the *Download* button of the newly added Download report dialog before the doughnut chart has finished rendering, the chart will not be shown in the PDF. 
