---
title: "2.9"
parent: "2"
---

## 2.9.4

** Release date: December 4th, 2018**

## Improvements

* We have added the option to refresh the app roles from the app settings page. After clicking on this button the app roles for all users currently in the current app will be queried from Sprintr and updated in ATS, accordingly. Users who no longer have access to the corresponding project in Sprintr will be removed from the app. New members of a project in Sprintr have to login to ATS and accept the Terms and Conditions before they can become members of an app in ATS.
* We have continued to make further optimizations on how tests results are processed in ATS. We expect that this will reduce the delay in seeing the results for a test.

## (Potentially) Breaking change

Due to complaints about flaky tests which were caused by long lasting *On change microflows* (>500 ms) we have decided to change the behaviour of the *Set value* function. 

*Previous behaviour:* In previous versions, the *Set Value* function would type in a value in a input field and keep the focus on the field. Thus the on change / on leave microflows were not triggered until a later test step where another element on the page is focused for example by doing a click. This was done deliberately as we felt that it is a natural user behaviour, i.e. to keep the focus until an interaction occurs with another element on the page.

*New behaviour:* Since ATS version 2.9.4 the *Set Value* function will unfocus the widget after setting the value and wait for on change / on leave microflows to finish before proceeding with the next steps in a test case. We hope that this will make tests more stable when on change microflows are used, since the wait will ensure that such microflows have finished executing before proceeding with the test.

We do not expect this change to cause any issues with existing tests. However, if you notice strage behavior related to the *Set value* function after the update please inform us by submiting a support ticket.

## 2.9.3

**Release date: October 16th, 2018**

### Improvements

* We have optimized the way Dataset records are stored for executed data driven test cases. We expect that this will improve the performance of processing the results for data driven test cases.
* We have refactored the code for fetching video recordings, making the recordings available sooner in ATS.

### Fixes

* Due to a bug it was possible to change the name of an item (i.e. action/test case/test suite) to be not-unique. This resulted in a generic error message and partially changed name in the UI. This is now fixed and a proper validation message is shown when changing the name. As a consequence it is no longer possible to edit the name of an item inline, instead this is done in a popup dialog with the standard save/cancel options.
* The formatting of the job duration was incorrect when the duration was larger than one hour. This is now fixed.
* Due to a bug it was not possible to extract an action if multiple output parameters from previous steps were used in the extracted action. This is now fixed.
* We discovered an unexpected behavior in the function 'Find/assert datagrid row' where the function would still return a result even if a required parameter (i.e. column name/value) is left empty. Changing the behaviour of the function would potentially break many test cases. Instead we decided to change the description of the function to match this behavior. In addition all column name/value parameters for this function have been made optional. If no column name/value pair is specified then the first row is returned. To sum up, functionally nothing has been changed only the description has been updated.

## 2.9.2

**Release date: August 28th, 2018**

### Mendix 7.17

Mendix applications which are based on Mendix version 7.17, can now be tested and recorded with ATS.

### Fixes

* We fixed an issue where it was possible to create two keywords with the same name within the same folder. This occurred when using the extract action. This is now fixed, so that attempting to save a keyword with a name that already exists triggers a proper validation.
* When generating a PDF report for a set of selected items, it could happen that some nested test cases were not correctly added to the report, resulting in incorrect values for the doughnut chart. This is now fixed.
* When running a test suite which contains other nested test suite the result for the corresponding job on the Test runs page sometimes showed no result even when the job has finished. This also caused the CI/CD to return incorrect values for such jobs. This is now fixed. 
* We fixed issue where sometimes changing the name of an output parameter for a custom action, cleared references to that output parameter in test cases where it was used.
* When jobs that were initiated via the API were canceled it could happen that the job result was set as passed. This is now fixed, and canceled jobs will always return failed as result. 

## 2.9.1

**Release date: August 9th, 2018**

### Fixes

* We fixed an issue where new projects from Sprintr were not synched to ATS.

## 2.9.0

**Release date: July 10th, 2018**

### Improvements to project roles

#### No access app role

It is now possible to specify that certain members of a project in Sprintr do not get any access to the project in ATS. This can be configured by app administrators from the _App settings_ page. Members of an app that have the _No access_ role will not see this app in their _My apps_ page and will not be able to view or edit or run test cases from this app. Note that _SCRUM Masters_ in Sprintr will always keep the administrator role in ATS.

#### Default app role

We have implemented a functionality to set a default role per app. This role will be applied to new members of the app. The default role can be changed by app administrators under _App settings_. Please note that _SCRUM masters_ in Sprintr will get an administrator role in ATS even if the default role is set to _No access_ or _Tester_.

### On-Premises

We are reintroducing On-Premises as a deployment option for ATS. To this end we introduced a new user role _Tenant administrator_ which will only be used in On-Premises instances of ATS. The tenant administrator will be able to create and edit accounts and apps. Check the [ATS reference guide for more details on tenant administration](./../../ats/refguide/rg-version-2/administration.md).

### Mendix 7.16

Mendix applications which are based on Mendix version 7.16, can now be tested and recorded with ATS.

### Fixes

* Due to a bug it was not possible to export the documentation for test cases/suites which had a description longer than 200 characters. This is now fixed.
* In version 2.8 when clicking on a button that triggered an asynchronous microflows after a confirmation dialog would cause a _Timeout exception while waiting the application to be idle_. 

### Known Limitations

* On Mendix versions 7.13 and upwards it is likely that test will not wait properly for the execution of asynchronous microflows. As a temporary workaround please manually add a _Sleep_ step with a proper duration after triggering asynchronous microflows.
* Regarding _Nanoflows_, we have not explicitly tested their impact on ATS, but so far we have not received issue reports related to them.
